[llvm-objdump] Add support for HIP offload bundles (#114834)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/CommandGuide/llvm-objdump.rst

.. option:: --offloading

>   Display the content of the LLVM offloading sections including Clang Fat Binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Display the content of the LLVM offloading sections and HIP offload bundles.
```

.. option:: --offloading

  Display the content of the LLVM offloading section.
  Support added for extracting Clang Fat Binaries, which will

>   respect the :option `--arch-name` option.

Reviewer: This is documentation, not release notes. It should explain what it does.

Reviewer 2: +1. You could add a release note to cover this though (which is a separate document).

>   respect the :option `--arch-name` option.

Reviewer: Still needs to be fixed.
